Fix API docs of module-system (#22564)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/system/src/main/ballerina/src/system/Module.md

## Module overview

> This module provides functions to retrieve information about the system and the current users of the system. The `system:exec` method creates the `system:Process` object that can control and obtain information about the ballerina process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides functions to retrieve information about the system and the current users of the system. The `system:exec` method creates the `system:Process` object, which can control and obtain information about a Ballerina process.
```
